DAWN 11.



ALL BELOW NEED TO DO:


TODO:
Product sets
	global.js:

		variantradios - updateOptions
		


Monogram



DONE:
ADDED JQUERY TO THEME
Added CandC.css

Product slider section
	product-slider
	usese flickity css and javascript

MODAL code -
added to global.js and CandC.css custom modal code.


Annoucment bar -
	adding timer

Subscriber popup
	Added files and followed instructions here
	https://github.com/martinclason123/Shopify-Subscriber-Pop-Up

FONT SIZES 
	base.css - was only 1 break point at 750px.  change to 1023px to have tablet do smaller font.

section borders
	added to theme and settings_schema
	.section + .section  in base.css

Landing pages legacy code
	added code to card-product to exclude price for landingpages on collections.

Multicolumn -
	added 2/3 width option.


Infinite scroll
	added ajaxinate.min.js to assets
	updated main-collection-product-grid.liquid
	added class to li in pagination.liquid
	added initilization to facets.js renderProductCount()
	modified ajainate.min.js to bugfix 

Collection topdown
	added json to main-collection-product-grid
	udpated card-product to accept topdown flag

hover menu -
	header.liquid - added script

Product sets
	added product-sets.liqui
	added product-sets.css
	global.js
		updateVariantInputSets
		toggleAddButtonSet
		renderProductInfoSets();
		VariantSelects - updated onVariantChange
		FYI, product atc ajax is in product-form.js
		product-form creates a class for <product-form>.  Everytime a product-form is created, the class is created.
		NEEDS JQUERY

Footer white goods -
	added section

Sold in pair
	sections-main-cart-items -  quantity
	sections-main-product - quantity selector
	snippits price.liquid - added "ea"
	assets - global.js - added isEvenKey function
	assets - global.js - updaed QuantityInput function
	cart-drawer.liquid

Breadcrumb
	breadcrumb.liquid section

Sale Code
	include checksale.liquid in header.liquid along with javascript to activate sale menu.
	added final sale to price.liquid
	added final sale to cart main-cart-items
	

Discontinued
	main-product.liquid/product-sets - added hidden tag div in the options block.  update the button to show discontinued if sold out and tag present.
	global.js - updated the toggleAddButton functions (normal and set)

search
	predictive-search.js - added &options[unavailable_products]=hide
	added only prodcuts to header.liquid and main-search.liquid

Product descriptions
	updated title size in base.css
	main-product.liquid  collapsible row javascript that pulls content from description
	had to update en.default.schema.json to include the english schema names

Product block
	main-product.liquid in header CSS and json.  added custom background colors.
	updated the z-index on the quantity input selector.  
		changed in base.css
		added background color option.
	
Footer
	added bottom menu list to footer.liquid.  IN schema
	adding email to blocks

Product.liquid swatches for color
	main-product.liquid
	added schma checkbox for on/off, images, image scale.

Collections/card-product Swatches
	added swatches to the colllections page via card-product.
	took out set: and collection: in main.collection.banner.liquid
	added hover code to facets.js
	added the hover code to global.js
	updated main-collection-product-grid to deal with landingpages

CHECKOUT
	added notes to checkout.liquid.  
	added jquery

Header
	added image to the megamenu.  If the top menu item poitns to a image url.
	updated megamenu for blank URL links
	updated log width options

Footer
	added subtext under mail signup.

Cart
	updated continuie shopping link in main-cart-items.liquid
	added sku to cart and cart-drawer
	updated cart-drawer continue shopping button

Goes with
	added goes-with.liquid
	added to en.default.schema.json

Rich-text section
	rich-text.liquid - added block slider for block width.  Add max-width.
	section-rich-text.css - change .rich-text__wrapper  to 100%;  rich-text__blocks to 100%;

Multicolumn
	added link around image in multicolumn.liquid
	tweeked css file
	updated json to allow for up to 4 columns on mobile
	added border for each entry in json and css.

Pixels
	add pixels-cc.liquid to theme and checkout
	added data to remove button in main-cart-items for analyzify.  Also to cart-drawer
	added two analyzify snippits
	added includes to theme and checkout.liquid for the two analyzify snippets.

Up to top button
	added div to theme.
	added javascript to global.js
	added css to CandC.css
	added uparrow.svg

Page
	added legacy-page tempate and section.  

COOKIES
	added cookie code to global.js
	added cookie to main-collection-banner.

monogram
	Added monogram.liquid section.
	Added monogram product template.  Set monogram product to this template
	global.js variantselects - add monogram code script and button
	Added monogram code to main-product.liquid - not done
	Added owl carousel code.

	Added ajaxify-shop.js asset and in theme


	updating product-form.js to go to the monogram page when monogram is selected
	base.css - turned off a not href no pointer.

	main-cart-items - added add monogram block and turned off links for monograms
	cart.js - added monogram functions and updated all the code to access the functions.  
	main-cart-footer - Added monogram 8 days to ship message.
	Cart-drawer.liquid/cart-drawer.js - added monogram code


	updated function multiATC(callback){  in ajaxify-shop - bugfix that needs to be rolled to current theme

	CURRENT:
	when the sold out button is pushed in sets... we are firing into product-form.js unlike the top sold out button.  
	just need to return on the sold out state..


	NEED TO DO:
	1.  Monogram "edit" button in cart.
	5.  Goes via metafields? - need to add the metas to shopify admin
	6.  metafiedsl for back in stock note?
	7.  swatches on product page?  prob not.
	11.  collection swatch.. fix product-reconmendations
	12. Gift card update?
	13.  Annoucmenet bar time thing - use app
	14.  update to new customer accounts in checkout settings?
	15. back to top button?
	16.  web push
	17.  mailchimp and GTM?
	18.  cart drawer warnings (monogram and final sale)
	19.  NEED TO UPDATE STOREFRONT ID FOR GRAPHGL in global.js and monogram
	20.  If error message is throw by product-form.js on ATC, the cart drawer gets all messed up.  This is a problem for atc of more than avaiable.


	SWATCH - assign the swatch collection
	Monogram - assign the monogram

	TAGS:
		analytics 4 and classic, 
		mailchimp
		facebook APP



	car plan:
		1.  if item removed or quantity decreased, remove linked monograms
		2.  add monogram button based on how many existing linked monograms
		3.  option:  sort.
		cart.js and main.cart.itms.liquid